Gerrell Bones
Intro to AI Project 1
Architecture Role:
Design of the solution-
Explanation of the Goal: The goal has multiple pieces to complete the puzzle.
The overall summary of the Goal is to conform and manipulate a set of data in regard to build and evaluate a 3-class classifier using the Fisher’s Iris flower dataset, and how Machine learning interpret's the data in numerous ways for us to display to the user. 
(Part 3)The very first step is to verify that the coding example is working. Using Colab we will simply test the first cell block for the test code. This test code is to literally upload data, visually see the raw data for us to use. The data we have forms in four sections: sepal_length, sepal_width,	petal_length,	petal_width	class.
(Part 4)The next step is to load that data visually ito a set of plots with X & Y Axis'. Using SNS to correctly plot and display the 4 different classes of flower, along with their specific data points. The data will display the differences and similarities amongst the four classes, and provide a great represenntation for the user to see, and understand.
(Part 5)3rd Step is to be able to display a correlation between the variables and generate a heatmap based on the correlation matrix. This matrix will provide correlation to the 4 classes of information, and see if anythign varies depending on the class and its own seperate information.
(Part 6)4th Step is turn he raw data into digestible data for the machine learning to use. MAny forms of raw data cannot be used for machine learning without prepping it. It's similiar to cooking food for a human. The raw data must be cleaned, prepped, and cooked to be properly used for the machine learning to eat/ digest properly.
(Part 7)5th Step is to actually serve the data. This process is to use the data we prepared to feed the machine and essentially feed it to the machine learning. By putting it onto a plate/ serving the data in specific amounts and ways that the machine learning can digest it properly and display it as very simple information towarsd the user.
(Part 8)6th Step is to build a decision tree classifier, a Decision Tree is a Supervised Machine Learning Algorithm that uses a set of rules to make decisions, similarly to how humans make decisions. Similarly to 4.1 above, your code should build, train, and test the classifier, compute its accuracy, display the confusion matrices and classification report, save the model to a file for later use, load it from file and confirm that it's working. By controlling and manipulating the data properly, we can essentially create the tree with a great accurancy range of specific decisions.
(Part 9) 7th Step is to write a code to build a SVC (support vector classifier) using SVC provided by scikit-learn. Similar to 4.1 above, your code should build, train and test classifier, compute its accuracy, display confusion matrics and classification report. Save the model to a file for later use, load it from the file and confirm that it's working.
(Part 10) 8th Step is to write a code to build a Gaussian Naive Bayes Classifier provided by scikit-learn. Similar to 4.1 above, your code should build, train and test classifier, compute its accuracy, display confusion matrics and classification report. Save the model to a file for later use, load it from the file and confirm that it's working.
